thinking so too baby back live again me
a fresh Baghdad in here like always room
Daniel subscribers you subscribers all
subscribers people send me message
people who left me a comment appreciate
the love me keep doing that um we
already see the pickup how / foamposites
man had to get him a funny story with
these now I couldn't wait in line to get
him i was at work and everything got out
1130 hopped in a cab on my please make
you drive a little fast so i can get to
my crib side copies once once nike put
some on the website i made a home by 12
went on this site nike and put the link
up for the sizing on my always going on
Zuri 12 12 15 passes still no link I'm
like hands so I'm going on nicekicks
calm and I'm like oh let me check sure
when people write in and everything so
that was no that had me laughing like
crazy double person they were going
crazy I mean I was site that ain't put
the link of to book it was curse and
everything like they haven't laughing
crazy shot everybody else on my pseudo
put in the comment that you had me
laughing but on yeah tom tom is going
time is going by keeps going keeps going
still no link up there people talking
like hey I see the picture while see no
sizes on my handy to know you see the
picture but no sides but what's going on
like they probably play with us all over
again like they always doing all night
because men but um yeah it was funny
though it was real funny come three
o'clock still no link up down my always
going on still no link I'm like damn
well i'm cutting I'm be able to get I'm
cutting either go to store and get him I
was like I was tight I was site at the
time I can't forget i'm going to sleep
so van went to sleep I woke up back
around 9-930 run I don't even know how i
woke up you shall wait go back around
11-12 befall go to work but I walk
around nine woke up at nine but I me
check world people are nice shoes was
right and see what they saying they like
all night nice hit though the person I
like 640 Mike you just put the link up
on my wall so I go I'm gone nike.com
real fast and I see the link is already
up I'm like death oh the link was
supposed to be up at twelve o'clock it
told clock am I was tight i was like wow
but I went on there cut my size in
enough said me I
they just kick they just came today to
by the way stuck in the box and
everything then but um I mean there's a
there's a bunch of reviews and
everything of these bows this is for my
subscribers and everything man I know he
i wanted to see what I got hey I could
gotta check the website team and create
a monster lifestyle com you know I have
a lot of things going on with that right
now shutter the whole team and
everything you're trying to come out
with a tisha lon make sure y'all it
makes you check up on though on the
website and everything they make sure
y'all after the team's blog soon urban
journeys with esta blogspot com um what
else keep it surreal keep your Surrey
online calm and highlight my boys by to
a focus world that wordpress.com I map
everything on sound on the sidewalk see
I can see you have to go to it maybe
like we go to couple of things coming
out was trying to come out of the tea
shop on and everything but um I'm gonna
show you how to show you a copper choice
right now like I said man shot everybody
else on nice to me when I was that was
really on there like trying two copies
kicks of course let me see everything Oh
copper copper foamposites oh you got the
sauce said nice man's real nice God love
he's actually my first capo on copper
foamposite photogs Ashley my first
foamposites um thanks crazy but I'm
hopefully I'm trying to get the egg
plain ones that coming out where all the
other ones that come down trying to get
my MIDI I don't know how I missed out on
that first one I'm an idiot yeah call me
in here don't want to go ahead I won't
be mad but I call myself down the idiot
for not copping it first came out what's
all your they coming out next month so
I'll be billed but copper ones gotta
love these shootings moon it's a real
nice shoe Wow
these are real nice and I can't wait to
throw these on summertime summertime is
sometimes around the corner too okay we
got our t-shirt I teaches out something
throw these all with Bobby not me real
nice his sneakers with a nice t-shirt
can't complain that old man i'll show
you how the other ones then how to get
these retail price so I paid for them up
there you know crazy and everything but
on nice shit um nice to shout out nice
things go men keep everybody in foam on
the on the sneakers and everything nike
why i do a toast man like i say go put
the link up at 12 I don't put the link
up I was cool with that but whatever I
still got mines me and I know they
restocked on the soup nike and nike you
start something sooo a couple places
they restock the community so you a cup
your pin hey hopefully you go out and
get your kids and hopefully can go out
and get your pic but love sevens copy
joints and hopefully I come home on with
the next video beep on your store I copy
another pair sneakers um as long as no
come some words host a tool to the you
to make sure you subscribe and
everything then make sure I check out
the website soon check out all the
websites imma put on the sidebar minutes
and looking for everybody's showing love
everybody posted a comment send me the
message me I'll do this for fun not me i
do i'm asleep yeah that are doing some
fun then shadows he get up there shot
everybody has their own YouTube no you
tube him normally there it does that
sneaker reviews and everything and I'll
take a claim and give it just a great
Christy cuz my head can't complain that
all you got your pan suppose to you man
so um sneaky so to be back when I'm a
video man and hopefully my next video is
gonna be a in-store pickup whereas go to
store you know the camera and everything
so um yeah I'm upset me make sure I
check out the website follow me on
Twitter fresh for life follow me on
Twitter what else follow the blog on the
blog my website and follow it just
followers me
I've say just father works man we're
trying to try to make some moves out
here for room but um here we go copper
foamposites and we ought to hear